Update BBEs with default payload param support (#4119)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-service-data-binding/http_service_data_binding.md

# REST service - Payload data binding

> HTTP service payload data binding allows accessing the request payload using a resource signature parameter. The resource parameter type should be of `anydata` subtype. By default parameters with type `map `, `array`, `tuple`, `table`, `record` and `xml` are mapped to the payload. For other types, the `@http:Payload` annotation is required and If the signature includes more than one of the aforementioned types, the `@http:Payload` should be used to resolve the ambiguity. This behaviour is limited to `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, and `DEFAULT` accessors.  If the data binding process fails, the client receives a 400 Bad Request response. This feature allows direct access to the request payload from the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP service payload data binding allows accessing the request payload using a resource signature parameter. The resource parameter type should be a sub type of `anydata`. By default, parameters with the `map `, `array`, `tuple`, `table`, `record` and `xml` types are mapped to the payload. For other types, the `@http:Payload` annotation is required and If the signature includes more than one of the aforementioned types, the `@http:Payload` should be used to resolve the ambiguity. This behaviour is limited to the `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, and `DEFAULT` accessors.  If the data binding process fails, the client receives a `400 Bad Request` response. This feature allows direct access to the request payload from the resource.
```

> HTTP service payload data binding allows accessing the request payload using a resource signature parameter. The resource parameter type should be of `anydata` subtype. The default payload parameter types are basic structured types such as `map`, `array`, `tuple`, `table`, `record` and `xml` which is a sequence type, which can be defined in the signature without any annotation. For other types, the `@http:Payload` annotation is required. If the signature includes more than one structured type, the `@http:Payload` annotation should be used to resolve any ambiguity. The default payload parameter support is limited to `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, and `DEFAULT` accessors. If the data binding process fails, the client receives a 400 Bad Request response. This feature allows direct access to the request payload from the resource.

Reviewer 2: HTTP service payload data binding allows accessing the request payload using a resource signature parameter. The resource parameter type should be of `anydata` subtype. By default parameters with type `map `, `array`, `tuple`, `table`, `record` and `xml` are mapped to the payload. For other types, the `@http:Payload` annotation is required and If the signature includes more than one of the aforementioned types, the `@http:Payload` should be used to resolve the ambiguity. This behaviour is limited to `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, and `DEFAULT` accessors.  If the data binding process fails, the client receives a 400 Bad Request response. This feature allows direct access to the request payload from the resource.
```suggestion
HTTP service payload data binding allows accessing the request payload using a resource signature parameter. The resource parameter type should be of `anydata` subtype. By default parameters with type `map `, `array`, `tuple`, `table`, `record` and `xml` are mapped to the payload. For other types, the `@http:Payload` annotation is required and If the signature includes more than one of the aforementioned types, the `@http:Payload` should be used to resolve the ambiguity. This behaviour is limited to `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, and `DEFAULT` accessors.  If the data binding process fails, the client receives a 400 Bad Request response. This feature allows direct access to the request payload from the resource.
```

Reviewer 3: Fixed via [fcd7eff](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/4119/commits/fcd7eff8fab4660b16bfcb622b4bbf9504761107)
